every year
Sorry.
Didn't avenge you
I know you look cold
In fact, the most important thing is emotion
Grandma pushed you like that
You must be suffering too
But it's not a loss
At least the group's biggest cancer has been cleared
They made him sign a pledge.
It's not that we don't punish him.
It just delayed punishing him
Wife thank you
You're welcome, husband.
Wait until I go to the group tomorrow.
After solving these little troubles, you can take a vacation.
This cooperation can proceed smoothly
Thanks to Mrs. Nangong's help
OK
I hope Nangong Group and Jon Shangpin have a happy cooperation.
If you have the opportunity, please ask your wife to introduce
Recommend the next family member of Qiao's
I haven't had a chance to meet and introduce you
I'm afraid to seal me
Happy cooperation
Madam you are amazing
Even Mr. Chen of Jon Shangpin needs your help
No need for an introduction.
I'm here myself, hello president